com/example/rosetta/ui/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.rosetta.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
com/example/rosetta/controller/ClientAdapter.java
 com.example.rosetta.controller.ClientAdapter
com/example/rosetta/controller/Controleur.java
 com.example.rosetta.controller.Controleur
com/example/rosetta/model/AccesLocal.java
 com.example.rosetta.model.AccesLocal
com/example/rosetta/ui/main/DevisFragment.java
 com.example.rosetta.ui.main.DevisFragment
com/example/rosetta/controller/ControleurClientNouveauClient.java
 com.example.rosetta.controller.ControleurClientNouveauClient
com/example/rosetta/controller/DevisAdapter.java
 com.example.rosetta.controller.DevisAdapter
com/example/rosetta/model/Client.java
 com.example.rosetta.model.Client
com/example/rosetta/model/Scenario.java
 com.example.rosetta.model.Scenario
com/example/rosetta/controller/ControleurClientCheckSexe.java
 com.example.rosetta.controller.ControleurClientCheckSexe
com/example/rosetta/model/Pack.java
 com.example.rosetta.model.Pack
com/example/rosetta/model/Question.java
 com.example.rosetta.model.Question
com/example/rosetta/model/Sexe.java
 com.example.rosetta.model.Sexe
com/example/rosetta/ui/main/ClientFragment.java
 com.example.rosetta.ui.main.ClientFragment
com/example/rosetta/MainActivity.java
 com.example.rosetta.MainActivity
com/example/rosetta/controller/ScenarioAdapter.java
 com.example.rosetta.controller.ScenarioAdapter
com/example/rosetta/controller/ControleurClientSupprimer.java
 com.example.rosetta.controller.ControleurClientSupprimer
com/example/rosetta/utils/MySQLiteOpenHelper.java
 com.example.rosetta.utils.MySQLiteOpenHelper
com/example/rosetta/model/Devis.java
 com.example.rosetta.model.Devis
com/example/rosetta/model/Composant.java
 com.example.rosetta.model.Composant
com/example/rosetta/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.rosetta.BuildConfig
com/example/rosetta/controller/ControleurListeClients.java
 com.example.rosetta.controller.ControleurListeClients
com/example/rosetta/controller/ControleurClientEnregistrer.java
 com.example.rosetta.controller.ControleurClientEnregistrer
com/example/rosetta/ui/main/ScenarioFragment.java
 com.example.rosetta.ui.main.ScenarioFragment
